Hello dear friends with you Ilyukha
and the beast
and I'm on my second channel answering
your questions that you wrote to
previous releases let's start so
I copied roman cyr to myself
asks why you called your channel
the beast
this is one of those popular questions on
who have to answer constantly not
The question is that there you can answer in
I will answer this again why am Ilya
osipov
called your channel beast plunge into
history as always some kind of 2004
when I finished school think for
how many says 15 years ago 15 years
back 15 we all recorded in computer
clubs
we all had dedicated lines at home we
played computer toys counter
strike 1 6
then there was another 15 by the way then 16 on this
everything ended in my us ostentatious and
bulmas clan first old man my report for
dream beast
I am completely forgotten I do not remember the man in
month more then played it to me somehow
I got attached was a lot of technicians
on the net then we had a plan for tanks there
there were about thirty people for a room very
strange to you tanks there are three people
for a counter strike and for my husband there
I think yes already in the tanks I called
son beast that is, I have this name
took some kind of old clan that is
I did not completely come up with the name
the beasts I took and
sped up like the world steve jobs took from
gray mouse and also unleash the main thing
know how to unleash but the moment
that's why I don't say that I am completely
word grid
take there not there somewhere there was here
introduced himself and about the name of the channel on
youtube
this year 2009 in March I helped March
I sat at home in this corner, too, was different
computer desk and I went to youtube
account searched horseradish knows the account sought and
Thought below style I channel find what
you so add shorter to favorites
video
and this is a good nickname means beast
was busy to my surprise think for
he just assured was busy and at that time
I worked in the salon nokia already know all
my story
work there milking how I started writing reviews
This is detailed and I decided to add an animal
nokia
Well, it turned out we take the skills and still
pore me beast nokia
but the channel where you can jealous
Now the beasts by the way and the address of the channels with
Recently, you can completely
rename will not make me
receivers so let it be with the story here
so here I called my channel
beast and and then goal when i was working
legs was from nokia video
I even had a banner on the channel
then when did my career end
nokia salon and generally marks and legs
over and now this microsoft and all
and I removed
nokia but it will always remain in my
soul
write your questions and comments under
this video put your fingers on the up is not
forget the first channel and see you
you
future releases bye guys